[BAD] Add quick installation demo video and synchronize doc and video (#1375)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/install/helm-install/index.md

Keptn is installed using a Helm chart using the Helm CLI.
You must install the [Helm CLI](https://helm.sh)
before attempting to install Keptn.

You probably want to also install the [Keptn CLI](../cli-install)
before installing Keptn.
It is possible to do most of what you need to do on modern releases of Keptn without the Keptn CLI
but the CLI provides additional functionality that is useful.
After installing Keptn,
you must [authenticate the Keptn CLI](../authenticate-cli-bridge/#authenticate-keptn-cli). 

Keptn consists of a **Control Plane** and an **Execution Plane**.

* The **Control Plane** is the minimum set of components that are required

>   to run a Keptn instance  and to manage projects, stages, and services;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to run a Keptn instance and to manage projects, stages, and services;
```

Author: done

  to handle events; and to provide integration points.
  The control plane orchestrates the task sequences defined in Shipyard
  but does not actively execute the tasks.
  The Keptn Control Plane can run with no Execution Plane configured.

  The Control Plane can implement the [Quality Gates](../../concepts/quality_gates/)
  and [Automated Operations](../../concepts/automated_operations/) features
  but does not run microservices that integrate other tools with Keptn.

* The **Execution Plane** runs the microservices that integrate other tools with Keptn
  and is installed when you install the first microservice on the cluster.
  For example, the JMeter test tool runs on the Execution Plane
  and installing it installs the Execution Plane.
  As another example, the [Continuous Delivery](../../concepts/delivery/) feature
  requires that you install either the
[Job Executor Service](https://artifacthub.io/packages/keptn/keptn-integrations/job-executor-service)
or [Istio](https://istio.io) on the Kubernetes cluster(s)

> and they execute on the Execution Plane.

Reviewer: I don't think this paragraph really makes sense. The concept is a little different compared to how it's described here.
The execution plane **is** the set of keptn integrations that the user installs, there is nothing more to it and nothing else will be installed alongside the user-installed integrations.

Maybe @thisthat has some more input on better wording here?

Reviewer 2: As @mowies said, the "execution plane" really jsut means "not the same namespace as the core Keptn microservices". So the "execution plane" isn't really a thing, it's just denoting "somewhere else". Imagine I install Keptn in on k8s cluster 1. I then install **only** the job executor integration (or any other integration) on cluster 2. Important to note that cluster 2 is a plain vanilla k8s cluster. The act of installing job executor means I can now describe cluster 2 as my "execution plane".

Another example. Cluster 1 with keptn core installed. I create a non-containerised shell script that polls the Keptn API every 5 seconds. I run the shell script on my laptop. Technically my laptop is now the "execution plane"/

Reviewer 2: FWIW the "control plane" also isn't a "thing". It's a logical construct meaning "the place I've installed the set of core Keptn microservices".

Author: Thanks so much for this!  I think the existing docs really make it sound like the control plane and execution plane are Things but, as I've been working through various pieces, I was starting to get the idea that this is not the case.  So now I know...

Author: Okay, I think this paragraph may be straightened out.  See what you think

See [Architecture](../../concepts/architecture) for more information
about the Control Plane and the Execution Plane.

You have the following installation options:

* Both the Keptn Control Plane and the Execution Plane
can be installed on an existing Kubernetes cluster that hosts other software
or on a dedicated Keptn Kubernetes cluster.
* The Control Plane and Execution Plane can also be installed on separate Kubernetes clusters;
see [Multi-cluster setup](../multi-cluster) for instructions.
* In a multi-cluster setup, one Keptn Control Plane can support multiple Execution Planes
that are installed on different clusters.

## Install Control Plane

To install the Control Plane, you must do the following:

* Define the Keptn chart repository
* Install Keptn into the `keptn` namespace on the Kubernetes cluster

> * Expose the [API gateway's NGINX](../../concepts/architecture/#api-gateway-nginx) service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expose the [API gateway](../../concepts/architecture/#api-gateway-nginx) service
```

  that controls how Keptn communicates with the internet.
  See [Choose access option](../access) for details about all the options
  that are available and how to install and use them.
  You can also do this after installation.
* You may also want to modify the Keptn configuration options.
  This is discussed more below.

### Sample installation commands

* **Simple Keptn installation**

  The following commands provide a basic Keptn installation,

>   Because the install command does not expose the API gateway's NGINX service,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because the install command does not expose the API gateway service,
```

Author: done

  we use the **kubectl** command to implement port forwarding,
  which implements the Kubernetes [LoadBalancer](../access/#option-1-expose-keptn-via-a-loadbalancer):**:
   ```
   helm repo add keptn https://charts.keptn.sh

>    helm install keptn keptn/keptn -nkeptn --createnamespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   helm install keptn keptn/keptn -n keptn --create-namespace
```

>    kubectl -n keptn port-forward svc /api-gateway-nginx 8080:8080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl -n keptn port-forward svc/api-gateway-nginx 8080:8080
```

Author: done

   ```
   This command is useful for creating a basic Keptn installation
   to use for study or demonstration.
   It may not be adequate for a production Keptn installation.

   *Watch a video demonstration of a simple installation [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neAqh4fAz-k).*

  The following commands are appropriate for installing a fully-functional production Keptn instance.
  They use the following options:

    * `--version 0.18.1` -- Keptn release to be installed
      If you do not specify the release, Helm uses the latest release.

    * `--repo=https://charts.keptn.sh` -- the location of the Helm chart
      (rather than using the `helm repo add` command shown above).
    * `apiGatewayNginx.type=<access-option>` -- this is necessary to access
      the Keptn Bridge UI.

>       `<*access-option*>` must be `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, `Ingress`, or `Port-forward`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `<*access-option*>` must be `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, ClusterIP`.
```

Author: Done

      See [Choose access options](../access/) for details.
    * `--set=continuousDelivery.enabled=true` -- install Continuous Delivery support
      for this Keptn instance.

> * **Install Keptn control-plane with Continuous Delivery support and exposed on a LoadBalancer**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Install Keptn control-plane with Continuous Delivery support and exposed through a LoadBalancer**
```

Author: done

       ingress.tls=<YOUR_TLS>
  ```

## Confirm Installation

After you issue the **helm install** command,

> it takes a couple minutes for the installation to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it takes a couple of minutes for the installation to finish.
```

Use the following command to watch the progress:

```

> kubectl -n keptn get servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n keptn get pods
```

```

Wait for all the pods in the Keptn namespace to show `Running` under the `STATUS` column
before proceeding.

Use the following command to view all the services that are installed in the Keptn namespace:

```
kubectl -n keptn get services
```

## Access the Keptn Bridge

The [Keptn Bridge](../../0.18.x/bridge) is the graphical user interface
you can use to manage and view Keptn projects running in your installation.
To access it:

1. Expose the API Gateway NGINX.  This can be done in two ways:

   * Set the `apiGatewayNginx` parameter during installation
   * Issue the following command after installation:
     ```

>      kubectl -n kkeptn port-forward svc/api-gateway-nginx 8080:80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     kubectl -n keptn port-forward svc/api-gateway-nginx 8080:80
```

     ```
2. Open a browser window to `localhost:8080`

3. Log into the Keptn Bridge.
   The following commands give you the username and randomly-generated password
   to use if your site uses [Basic Authentication](../../0.18.x/bridge/basic_authentication):

   ```

>    kubectl -n keptn get secret bridge-credentials -o jsonpat-{.data.BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME} | base64 -d echo
>    kubectl -n keptn get secret bridge-credentials -o jsonpat-{.data.BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD} | base64 -d echo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl -n keptn get secret bridge-credentials -o jsonpath={.data.BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME} | base64 -d echo
   kubectl -n keptn get secret bridge-credentials -o jsonpath={.data.BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD} | base64 -d echo
```

Author: done

   ```
   You can also use [OpenID Authentication](../../0.18.x/bridge/oauth) to access the Keptn Bridge.

## Install Execution Plane

> To install the Execution Plane in the same namespace as the Control Plane,
> install a microservice.
> For example, the following two commands install the Jmeter and Helm-service microservices
> and, by extension, install the Execution Plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Execution Plane in the same namespace as the Control Plane,
install a keptn integration of your choice.
For example, the following two commands install the Jmeter and Helm-service microservices:
```

Author: Done, but why do we have --create-namespace if the integration is being installed in the same namespace as the Keptn Control Plane.  Is this correct?

Reviewer: If the namespace exists already, then the flag doesn't have any effect anyways. So in that sense one could say that we have it there for consistency with other helm commands
